README.md, before:

# How to use the SDK
## Setup
1. If you do not already have it, download and install [Android Studio](http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html). This will also install the Android SDK.
2. If you do not already have it, download and install the [Android NDK](https://developer.android.com/tools/sdk/ndk/index.html).
2. Create a new Android Studio project for your game.
3. Download the latest version of the [OpenCV4Android SDK](http://docs.opencv.org/doc/tutorials/introduction/android_binary_package/O4A_SDK.html). Unzip the OpenCV4Android SDK to a location of your choice.
4. Include the OpenCV library in your Android Studio project, as it is a dependency of the Biotic Games SDK.
    1. In Android Studio, hit File > Import Module.
    2. In the prompt box, choose `OpenCV-android-sdk/sdk/java` as the source directory. Name the module "opencv." Hit "Next."
    3. Keep all of the default import options checked on the next screen and hit "Finish."
    4. In the `build.gradle` file of your application's module (by default, the "app" module), add the line `compile project(':opencv')` under `dependencies`. Our `dependencies` section looks like this after the change:
    ```
    dependencies {
        compile fileTree(dir: 'libs', include: ['*.jar'])
        compile 'com.android.support:appcompat-v7:22.0.0'
        compile project(':opencv')
    }
    ```
5. Grab the latest version of the Biotic Games SDK (`bioticgamessdk.aar`) from the [releases](https://github.com/riedel-kruse-lab/biotic_games_sdk/releases) section of this GitHub repository.
6. Include the Biotic Games SDK in your Android Studio project.
    1. In Android Studio, hit File > New Module (not Import Module like last time).
    2. In the prompt box, select "Import JAR or AAR Package" then hit "Next."
    3. In the next screen, select the `bioticgamessdk.aar` file in the first box. Type "sdk" as the subproject name in the second box. Hit "Finish."
    4. In the `build.gradle` file of your application's module (by default, the "app" module), add the line `compile project(':sdk')` under `dependencies`. Our `dependencies` section looks like this after the change:
    ```
    dependencies {
        compile fileTree(dir: 'libs', include: ['*.jar'])
        compile 'com.android.support:appcompat-v7:22.0.0'
        compile project(':opencv')
        compile project(':sdk')
    }
    ```
8. Add this line to the `local.properties` file in your Android Studio project: `ndk.dir=/Users/dchiu/Developer/android/android-ndk-r10b`. Make sure to replace the path with the path to the NDK on your own machine.
7. Create a new class that extends `BioticGameActivity`.

## Documentation

## Examples
A limited set of examples of SDK usage has been made available in the `examples/` folder in this repository.

Commit message:

Updates README.md with documentation on Bluetooth.

README.md, after:

# How to use the SDK
## Setup
1. If you do not already have it, download and install [Android Studio](http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html). This will also install the Android SDK.
2. If you do not already have it, download and install the [Android NDK](https://developer.android.com/tools/sdk/ndk/index.html).
2. Create a new Android Studio project for your game.
3. Download the latest version of the [OpenCV4Android SDK](http://docs.opencv.org/doc/tutorials/introduction/android_binary_package/O4A_SDK.html). Unzip the OpenCV4Android SDK to a location of your choice.
4. Include the OpenCV library in your Android Studio project, as it is a dependency of the Biotic Games SDK.
    1. In Android Studio, hit File > Import Module.
    2. In the prompt box, choose `OpenCV-android-sdk/sdk/java` as the source directory. Name the module "opencv." Hit "Next."
    3. Keep all of the default import options checked on the next screen and hit "Finish."
    4. In the `build.gradle` file of your application's module (by default, the "app" module), add the line `compile project(':opencv')` under `dependencies`. Our `dependencies` section looks like this after the change:
    ```
    dependencies {
        compile fileTree(dir: 'libs', include: ['*.jar'])
        compile 'com.android.support:appcompat-v7:22.0.0'
        compile project(':opencv')
    }
    ```
5. Grab the latest version of the Biotic Games SDK (`bioticgamessdk.aar`) from the [releases](https://github.com/riedel-kruse-lab/biotic_games_sdk/releases) section of this GitHub repository.
6. Include the Biotic Games SDK in your Android Studio project.
    1. In Android Studio, hit File > New Module (not Import Module like last time).
    2. In the prompt box, select "Import JAR or AAR Package" then hit "Next."
    3. In the next screen, select the `bioticgamessdk.aar` file in the first box. Type "sdk" as the subproject name in the second box. Hit "Finish."
    4. In the `build.gradle` file of your application's module (by default, the "app" module), add the line `compile project(':sdk')` under `dependencies`. Our `dependencies` section looks like this after the change:
    ```
    dependencies {
        compile fileTree(dir: 'libs', include: ['*.jar'])
        compile 'com.android.support:appcompat-v7:22.0.0'
        compile project(':opencv')
        compile project(':sdk')
    }
    ```
8. Add this line to the `local.properties` file in your Android Studio project: `ndk.dir=/Users/dchiu/Developer/android/android-ndk-r10b`. Make sure to replace the path with the path to the NDK on your own machine.
7. Create a new class that extends `BioticGameActivity`.

## Documentation

## Features
### Bluetooth
The Biotic Games SDK provides developers with the ability to connect to an Arduino broadcasting joystick inputs. This allows the the developer to respond to joystick events on the Android device (e.g. one of the lights has turned on or the joystick has been pushed down).

In order to use this functionality, the Android app must request Bluetooth permissions by adding the following two lines as a sibling to the `<application>` tag in `AndroidManifest.xml`:
```
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.BLUETOOTH" />
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.BLUETOOTH_ADMIN" />

<application>
    ...
</application>
```

The developer must then call the function `startBluetooth(BluetoothThreadListener)` in `onCreate()` or before the game starts. In order to respond to the events received, write a class that implements the `BluetoothThreadListener` interface.

## Examples
A limited set of examples of SDK usage has been made available in the `examples/` folder in this repository.
